I'm going to change
no no
hello youtube friends my name is
fences power and this is a new tutorial
and today we are going to learn how to find
iron
carbon
and gravel
in the previous video that I showed him about
the gravel
a way
so they know
how to find everything now
what are we going to look for
let us begin
good what I know
is that gravel and coal are available
in the caves in the high places
also from the mountains
we found the carbon
I already have the coal
with coal
you can snack with
with the wooden beak
of stone
and
You can also snack with
with all the itching with everything that is
very easy
what yes
it gets a bit more complicated
with forgiveness
that's why it gets a bit more complicated
with iron with iron
yes the iron
it is itched with the wooden one not with the beak
of wood but with the peak
d
stone with faeces and then with everything
the rest but the wood does not
good as the farm
very cute
why
yes I can
and here
eternity
I love doing every connect with the
harrow
is the mountain and the sack the block of
stone laying
of all
good to find iron
for me very easy I do not know
you have to make common
u 8 blocks down itching
and then the whole a house
underground to find
to find
the good iron the gradation is achieved
also in
in the caves making tunnels
for me
it's not that hard to find
Let's see
we found iron more or less here
we started to chop and turn coal and
keep in the iron so if you can
watch
there is more
how
and much more
well this was all I hope you have
liked
in the jce and of taste comments and subscribe
and good bye bye